That was a other long section.
But I hope everything makes sense now.
How do we optimize our code.
Well we can only load what's needed by doing something like code splitting where we can do route based
chunking or component based Chungking all using web pack.
And that dynamic import or maybe even using a tool like loadable library that does it for you and gives
you a nice wrapper.
We also have this idea of tree shaking which we didn't talk about it to too much because it's kind of
done behind the scenes for you by a wetback which again is really really nice.
And this tree shaking removes any unused code.
When you actually build your app.
So for example if you're importing a massive library but only using one function from it.
Well discard all the rest.
Now ideally in a perfect world that happens a hundred percent of the time with 100 percent accuracy
in real life.
That may not be the case but again this is something that you can do with wet back and improve as time
goes on.
But for now using things such as babbel preset EMF that we've seen before which avoids transponding
features already in modern browsers allows us to use some of this tree shaking ability the other point
was to avoid blocking the main threat.
And this is something that we've talked about over and over and over minimizing our javascript time.
Our compile parse and execution time would be really smart about how much javascript Wareing including
in our code we actually inadvertently also talked a little bit about memory leaks and memory leaks.
Although this term is new right here is simply making sure that we don't keep adding memory into our
apps.
So for example if we have a ton of event listeners on a page and we change that page to another row
let's say we go to the About page but we haven't removed those even listeners.
Now our browsers remember more and more and more things.
So you can have something called Memory leaks where as we're working on our app the things that the
browser has to remember such as variables increases more and more and more until it reaches the limit
and it can crash.
Another thing that can be avoided by minimizing our Javascript.
And then finally we want to avoid multipole re rendering something that we really talked about with
react and minimizing the number of Dom manipulations that we have to do.
The amount of work that our code needs to do on the browser.
All right optimizing code is something that can just keep going and going.
There there's so many things you can do but you really want to pick your battles.
But I hope he got a good overview of what we can do and what the fundamental principles are for this
section.
In the next part we're going to finally get to progress of webapps.
I'll see on that one.